GH-49946: [Format] Better document equivalence between IPC file and streams (#49947)
apache/arrow: docs/source/format/Columnar.rst

For the buffers produced, we would have the following (refer to the
table above): ::

>     buffer 0: field 0 ('col1') validity

Reviewer: this is much nicer

    buffer 1: field 1 ('col1.a') validity
    buffer 2: field 1 ('col1.a') values
    buffer 3: field 2 ('col1.b') validity
    buffer 4: field 2 ('col1.b') offsets
    buffer 5: field 3 ('col1.b.item') validity
    buffer 6: field 3 ('col1.b.item') values
    buffer 7: field 4 ('col1.c') validity
    buffer 8: field 4 ('col1.c') values
    buffer 9: field 5 ('col2') validity
    buffer 10: field 5 ('col2') offsets
    buffer 11: field 5 ('col2') data

The ``Buffer`` Flatbuffers value describes the location and size of a buffer's

> data, relatively to the start of the RecordBatch message's body.

Author: Hmm, the question is then whether this section of the doc describes the IPC protocol in a narrow sense, or whether it applies to any variation over it such as the Dissociated IPC protocol.

For readability I think it's better if it describes the concrete IPC protocol as commonly implemented. What do you think?

> data, relatively to the start of the RecordBatch message's body.

Author: I will try to find a wording that's more generic while still stating the dominant usage.

> data, relatively to the start of the RecordBatch message's body.

Reviewer 2: nit: `relative` instead of `relatively`

> data, relatively to the start of the RecordBatch message's body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``Buffer`` Flatbuffers value describes the location and size of a buffer's
data, relative to the start of the RecordBatch message's body.
```

The stream writer can signal end-of-stream (EOS) either by writing 8 bytes
containing the 4-byte continuation indicator (``0xFFFFFFFF``) followed by 0
metadata length (``0x00000000``) or closing the stream interface.

File extension and MIME type
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> IPC Streams are not always stored as files, but when they are, we recommend

Reviewer: nit; I don't think they are commonly stored as files (the file format is more often)

```suggestion
IPC Streams are not typically stored as files, but when they are, we recommend
```

    <empty padding bytes [to 8 byte boundary]>
    <STREAMING FORMAT with EOS>
    <FOOTER>
    <FOOTER SIZE: little-endian int32>
    <magic number "ARROW1">

Equivalence with the IPC Streaming Format
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

While it is theoretically possible for the IPC File footer to list RecordBatch
messages in a differing order from the embedded IPC Stream's sequential order
(or even to repeat or omit some of the IPC Stream's RecordBatch messages),
compliant writers SHOULD arrange the IPC File footer so that an IPC File can be

> read using an IPC Stream reader with equivalent results.

Author: What do you call the features section? Is it https://github.com/apache/arrow/blob/a0d2885b101acb439f7f79ec2237028974e74e64/format/Schema.fbs#L71-L81? I don't think anyone is reading this table currently.
